The Central Virginia Chapter of the West Virginia University Alumni Association is proud to be the first chapter to: 
Purchase an engraved brick paver with the chapter’s name and logo along the Ware Family Alumni Walk at the new Erickson Alumni Center; 
Join the Mountaineer Athletic Club as a chapter; 
Officially approve its logo and domain with WVU Licensing & Trademark; 
Become the first out-of-state chapter to be named a Life Association Member; 
Be named a six-time Golden Musket Award recipient – a prestigious recognition as an Outstanding Chapter given by top chapters by the WVU Alumni Association.



Seed Theme v2 by Organic Themes · WordPress Hosting · RSS Feed · Log in



About Us
Local Central Virginia Chapter

Central Virginia Chapter membership is open to all West Virginia University alumni, family, and friends. You do not have to be an alumnus of WVU to join!
Your local chapter is a strong network of alumni dedicated to supporting WVU and providing opportunities for fellowship with Mountaineers in nearby Central Virginia.
The chapter offers various ways to show your alma mater spirit in the community through social events, Mountaineer athletics, community fundraising and scholarships for new and existing students.
Chapter History

The Central Virginia Chapter of the West Virginia University Alumni Association is proud to be the first chapter to:

Purchase an engraved brick paver with the chapter’s name and logo along the Ware Family Alumni Walk at the new Erickson Alumni Center.
Join the Mountaineer Athletic Club as a chapter.
Officially approve its logo and domain with WVU Licensing & Trademark.
Become the first out-of-state chapter to be named a Life Association Member.
Be named a six-time Golden Musket Award recipient – a prestigious recognition as an Outstanding Chapter given by top chapters by the WVU Alumni Association.
Meet the Board


Justin MPresident, Justin Madron

jmadronwvu@gmail.com

 

IMG_4833Vice President, Abbey Withrow

abbey.withrow81@gmail.com

 


Cherryll EllisSecretary, Cherryll Ellis

jrzfolks@aol.com

 

WVUTreasurer, Rob Gittleson

rgittles@gmail.com

 

WesKeckBudget Director, Wes Keck

weskeck@dom.com

 

Anny1

Activities Director, Anny Irons

anny.irons@gmail.com

 

WVUMembership Director, John Radford

wvftballfan@msn.com

 

IMG_2575-2Communications Director, Lauren Llewellyn

lauren.llewellyn@padillacrt.com

 

b_whitmanMember At Large, Bob Whiteman

rwhiteman@verizon.net

	
Blake E. Fought Memorial Scholarship

In 2003, the CVCWVUAA established a $25,000 endowment to provide scholarships for area students attending West Virginia University. This endowment provides undergraduate scholarships for students who are nonresidents of West Virginia enrolled at WVU living in the geographical area served by the CVCWVUAA.

High schools in the chapter’s immediate service area as well as the counties in the Chapter’s full service area are eligible. Recipients shall have demonstrated academic achievement and financial need with awards being made by weighing each criterion equally. A student who is a recipient one year is eligible for consideration in any succeeding year, but is limited to not more than two consecutive award cycles.

Recipients shall be determined by the appropriate officials in the WVU Office of Student Financial Aid. Two equal scholarships of a minimum of $500.00 shall be awarded yearly until such time as the endowment can support additional recipients. Each award shall not exceed tuition and fees per recipient. Scholarships shall be awarded in the name of Blake E. Fought.

The endowment funds are invested and managed by the WVU Foundation along with all other alumni chapter scholarship funds.

Since 2005, the CVCWVUAA has awarded over $7,000.00 in scholarships.

In 2007, the CVCWVUAA was recognized with a Scholarship Brick as a way to honor donors of endowed funds benefiting students in a visible and permanent way. The Foundation engraved the name of the CVCWVUAA endowed scholarship at WVU into a brick. These bricks serve as a pathway of the Ernest L. Hogan Scholars Walk located directly in front of the University’s Downtown Library Complex.

You may make contributions to the fund directly by making your check payable to the WVU Foundation with the notation for Blake E. Fought Memorial Scholarship/3S844 and forwarding it to the WVU Foundation, P.O. Box 1650, Morgantown, WV 26507-1650 or to the CVCWVUAA, PO Box 1505, Glen Allen, VA 23060.

 COMMUNITY SERVICE	 
	 	 
 	
The CVCWVUAA is not just about having fun and getting together for game watching parties, golf tournaments and chapter picnics; it’s also about helping others in the Central Virginia region through fundraising, food drives and other community service programs.

Beginning in 2001 during a pep rally prior to the 1st Round NIT basketball game against the University of Richmond at the Robins Center, the chapter participated in a fundraising project to help with the purchase of a handicap accessible van for the Wojcik family. Robert, the son of two WVU alumni Robert & Betsy Wojcik, was injured in a car accident the summer before he was to attend West Virginia University. With the help of the CVCWVUAA and the Wojcik’s church, $40,000 was raised to purchase the van. Because of those efforts, Robert is now able to attend most of our chapter events.

More recently, three food drives were held during our football and basketball game watching parties at Quaker Steak & Lube to help the Central Virginia Foodbank. A total of over 1,000 lbs of canned food and non-persishable food items were collected during the Cincy and Rutgers football games and during the Cincy basketball game watching party. Enough food has been donated by the CVCWVUAA to feed over 1,000 people within the Central Virginia region.



One community service program that has become a yearly event is our fundraising for the Salvation Army’s ‘Holiday Cheer & Gear’. It is spearheaded by local ESPN 950AM Radio personality Greg Burton and the Home Team Grill. Through live auctions of WVU autographed memorabilia at chapter events, we have raised more than $3,000.00 since December 2007.

The CVCWVUAA in conjunction with the WVU Alumni office in Morgantown collected children's books during the Big East and NCAA Tournaments. Over 300 books were donated by chapter members and will be given to WVU Children's Hospital in April.

More fundraising events are planned for 2010 and beyond so please be sure to check your emails and this website for additional details as they become available.

 	
The Central Virginia Chapter of the West Virginia University Alumni Association (CVCWVUAA) is proud to have been the first WVU alumni chapter to:

Purchase a brick paver engraved with the chapter’s name & logo and have it placed along the Ware Family Alumni Walk at the new West Virginia University Alumni Center.
Join the Mountaineer Athletic Club (MAC) as a chapter.
Have its logo and web domain name officially approved by the WVU Licensing & Trademark Office.
First out-of-state Chapter to become a Life Association Member.
The CVCWVUAA is also proud to announce that we are a six-time receipient of the ‘Golden Musket Award’. This prestigious award is in recognition as an ‘Outstanding Chapter’ and is only given to the top chapters in the country by the WVU Alumni Association.

